hello friends today we are going to
ancient china
the period of this country was tormented
by many kingdoms vying for territory and
power
but there was a king who had a cruel
ambition to become emperor
many other monarchs hired assassins to
kill him before he could conquer them
all
country after country his army swept
everything anyone who resisted was
killed
the country finally belonged to him the
king named chinchihuan
he took prisoners as slaves to build the
great wall
when they die or lose their strength
they will be buried at the foot of the
great wall
mystic figures taught him how to control
the five elements
his power seems limitless but like the
least of peasants he could not resist
old age
one lifetime is not enough
he needed to defeat his ultimate enemy
the death
chin chihuahuan sent general guo ming to
find the rumored powerful witch
that which is ayun she is different from
the person that guoming imagined
together they reached the western border
where the largest library of antiquity
was located
xiuan is definitely there with the
secret to immortality
they find a long-lost prophecy book
containing all the secrets of the
ancient world and magic beyond
imagination
xyuan and guoming fell in love even
though the emperor had told him that
tuvine was his on his return shin shi
huang praised him promising to give him
whatever request zayun wanted
she did not hesitate to ask to live with
general guomin for the rest of her life
he agreed and she began the rite of
immortality for the emperor
she recited the mantra in sanskrit an
ancient language that the king could not
understand
the ceremony was successful chinchihuan
brought zayuwin to admire this scene he
sent someone to tear general guo ming's
body into pieces now she should follow
glo ming to hell
xiuan had long hated this emperor she
cursed the king and his army to turn
into terracotta
the emperor will hibernate for a very
long time and never come back to light
if the dark day must come the world will
turn into slaves no one or anything can
save them
over many years of history the tomb of
chinchi huang was completely buried
underground
zion wanted this secret to be completely
gone but it was discovered by a guy
named alex
she designed a lot of traps around the
tomb so that no one could get out of
here alive
excavation of the tomb will create
potential dangers
zion sent his daughter zillan here to
guard the tomb
she and her daughter are immortal her
daughter has been here to protect the
tomb for two thousand years
and today too zillion again received an
uninvited guest
it's alex and drive wilson
people just want to rummage through
everything in this place
he was also delighted when he found the
statue of emperor chinchihuang as still
as a dried corpse
this is considered a feat a great
invention for alex's research and
learning career
the two of them quickly brought this
emperor back to the shanghai museum
alex was born into a family of
archaeology
his parents are two famous researchers
rick and evelyn
they love each other very much
but both rick and evelyn feel their love
for their son alex is not enough they
decide to pay more attention to him
the eye of shangri-la was sent by the
british government to the couple rick
and evelyn to be returned to the
shanghai museum to show their sincerity
to the chinese
it was lost in 1940 after the war
many people want to steal this eye of
shangri-la if it is given to someone
weak it can be lost forever
the couple decided to go to shanghai to
carry out this noble mission
by the way they visit their son alex and
their brother jonathan
the first place the couple came to was
the bar of their brother jonathan
together they enjoy the atmosphere of
celebrating the lunar new year here
after that alex personally took his
parents to the shanghai museum to hand
over the items a group of people were
waiting for them there
the person who will directly receive the
eye of shangri-la is alex's teacher dr
wilson
the handover ceremony took place quickly
rick even joked before giving it to him
zelen also brought the emperor's statue
here
wherever the emperor goes there she is
at this moment the leader appeared
general yang hired dr wilson to do this
with enough money to control the entire
state department
it contains the elixir of life
he asks evelyn to open it
this will awaken the emperor and his
terracotta army
the couple rick and evelyn were
threatened because they wanted to
protect themselves and the enemy so they
gave general yang a chance
only the blood of a pure heart can open
the eye of shangri-la
eyes open they are so beautiful
once someone touches it the emperor will
come back to life to reign
zillin rushed to stop them but it was
too late
after an endless slumber the emperor had
truly come to life with his steed
even shooting him with thousands of
bullets won't hurt him
general yang quickly worshipped his
master begging to be followed to serve
the emperor
they need to defeat the mummy as soon as
possible the longer the emperor will be
stronger
rick and evelyn stole a car to chase he
didn't forget to send money and happy
new year
jonathan's car is scratched by the
emperor's car they need his help
the couple attacked the emperor with
chinese fireworks but burned his brother
jonathan's butt
the whole city was bewildered to see a
mummy running around inside the city
rick controlled an emperor's horse it
lost its head
somehow zillan and alex managed to climb
into the emperor's car they tried to
attack but failed he split the rear of
the car causing the two to slide for
meters away
all the fireworks on evelyn's car were
shot by general duong causing a huge
explosion in the city
for the first time the chinese saw
fireworks on the ground
so many people trudged back to
jonathan's bar and the emperor escaped
zillan has the knife that her mother
cursed
it was the only thing that could kill
the emperor by stabbing him in the heart
if the emperor reaches shangri-la and
drinks the water of the lake of
immortality
he will raise an army no one will be
safe
they need to follow zillan's orders to
go to the lake of eternal life in the
himalayas to prevent this walking
never rick asked his friend crazy dog
maguire to take the plane to move
quickly
any self-respecting pilot would land in
the valley
maguire has no self-respect so he will
land halfway up the mountain maguire
would remind him to fasten his seatbelt
but he was too short on money to buy it
they even brought the cow with them
it was vomiting because of psychological
trauma after the plane landed
after a long journey they finally
reached the shangri-la gate
the emperor asked general yang to pave
the way for him to find the way to
change lake
show me your power
the two sides fought with sniper rifles
cannons were also brought here
rick asks his brother jonathan to blow
up the place before the emperor brings
the eye of shangri-la
but he couldn't because the enemy's gun
shot to the range
zayun begged for help in a certain
language
the giant snowman appeared
they blew away the soldiers and roared
and beat general yang won battle
at this time the emperor officially
appeared
he breathed stink that makes the snowman
run away and pushes magic that makes
rick collapse
alex tried to stop the upcoming action
with the cannon but unfortunately the
person who saved him from death was his
father
the missed cannon caused a severe
avalanche it buries it all underground
but fortunately everyone survived thanks
to the protection from the snowman
there is no other way but to quickly
bring alex's father to changshin lake
only zillan's mother could save his life
they need to get there before the
emperor finds out
shangri-la is breathtakingly beautiful
pure and peaceful
the water from changxing lake can heal
any wound
rick is allowed by zayun to stay to
recuperate
it's been a long time since zion's
mother and daughter met again
she regretfully thought back in the past
when she asked the help of a snowman to
take her to changshin lake she was able
to preserve her life until today
the emperor is not allowed to come to
this place once immortal he can
transform into the most hideous creature
rick finally wakes up he whispers to
alex with literary sentences about
father-son relationship
alex was moved he thanked his father for
coming back to life
zion sensed that something bad was about
to happen
the immortality of both her and her
daughter has come to be traded
the emperor knocked on the door with a
fireball
he glanced at zayun and her daughter and
quickly immersed himself in the water of
immortality
a three-headed dragon reincarnated
forever immortal
its power is endless
the emperor needed zealand's immortality
to revive his soldiers
he quickly took zillion back to his tomb
there's no other device faster than an
airplane maguire has once again helped
these people fly again when building the
great wall the emperor buried his
enemies there cursing their souls to be
locked up forever
most of them were prisoners
xyuan can call them to fight open a
shrine raise an army
arriving at the tomb the emperor urged
his soldiers to wake up immediately
now is the time for him to find his own
will strength and power
his steed is also summoned
zion was one step faster
she started to recite the spell
zion sacrificed her immortality and that
of her daughter to call back the
prisoners
bring the undefeated of the oppressed
from the emperor and his minions
i call on hundreds thousands of people
who will rise up to seize this moment to
win back to regain justice and to take
revenge
many people have died unjustly in this
place they jumped up to demand justice
the emperor's reign of bows and arrows
was no match for these dried mummies
they even carefully reattached their
heads and then rose to continue fighting
the emperor realized that the leader was
the dead general min
it's hard to believe but it makes sense
rich's team hid in the distance silently
supporting
alex disguised himself as an army to
rescue zillan the two quickly jumped
into the battle vehicle
her mother wanting to get the only knife
that could kill the emperor took her own
life to get it
jonathan and maguire dispatched a few
more planes here
this caused the emperor to turn into a
beast and fight
he hopped on and off a few planes and
dropped portly into the tomb zillan and
alex come to the rescue to save his
parents
they realized that zaywin was dying over
there
this time she really left the world
zion hopes his daughter will live and
continue to fight by stabbing this knife
through the emperor's heart
zillan can't hold back her grief alex
and his father will do this for her
a super beautiful grenade was dropped on
the head of general yang and his
subordinates
the emperor decided to control the five
elements to suppress the battle
before he could do anything his five
elements exploded because of a bullet
from alex
he even said loudly i dug you up now i
will bury you alive
the emperor turned into a beast he was
taken by a knife from rick
this knife hurt him a bit but it was
okay because it didn't go to the heart
alex had a bloody nose and the knife was
broken in half
general yang did not die he and his
subordinates also came here to have fun
both were swallowed by the giant
cogwheel and died
alex saw that the emperor beat his
father so brutally so he quietly took
half a broken knife and dived into the
water to save his father
rick rose to his feet taking the rest of
the knife
the attacker this is the end of the
movie see you in the next movie
thank you for watching the movie